I want to make it even in different ways.
It's very easy to see it,
it's a tiny thing.
ω
A long time ago, there was a day where I was very alone.
But I had a great dream, I had a great dream.
I didn't want to talk to you before.
I had nothing to do with you.
I was so lost.
I was entirely lost, I would never forget,
because I
are interested to convince you,
to be fulfilled by the cause of the sooner the day you were.
I had to always learn that."
The story is about the rest of the world.
The place we meet is about living in.
We will become a family for the future.
Say, don't tear your back.
Don't tear my back down.
Make your first to eat.
You won't hurt.
I'm surprised when you hurt.
You can't hurt your back.
I have my back up.
I will tell you.
I have my back up now and tell you.
Don't tear your back.
Thank you very much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video!